document example 06 (#29)
treeverse/lakeFS-samples: 06-airflow-dag-example/README.md

## lakeFS + Github + Airflow - example

> * Build a custom **CD process** to make your code and git metadata accessible for an Airflow DAG.
> * Use Airflow to orchestrate your ETL run.
> * Use [lakeFS Airflow provider](https://github.com/treeverse/airflow-provider-lakeFS) to:
>    * Version control your raw, intermediate and processed data
>    * Link code versions and the data generated by running them
>    * Link Airflow DAG code versions to the data generated during a DAG run

Reviewer: Is this a prerequisites section, a description of what's to come, or simply instructions? The relation between these bullets and the next section is not clear.

I think it should be something like:
```suggestion
This sample will give you an idea of how you can use  the [lakeFS Airflow provider](https://github.com/treeverse/airflow-provider-lakeFS) to:
   * Version control your raw, intermediate and processed data.
   * Link between code versions and the data generated by running them.
```

The first two bullets are more like prerequisites or assumptions I guess?

Author: ok that's a nice way to think about it! changed it

![](assets/git-lakefs-airflow.png)

**Note:**
This example can work with any web-based repository service.

### Run Instructions

1. Clone the sample.

2. Spin up the environment:
   `docker-compose up`

3. Browse to Airflow in [http://localhost:8085/](http://localhost:8085/). User: _airflow_, password: _airflow_.

4. Browse to the lakeFS UI in [http://localhost:8084/](http://localhost:8084/). User: AKIAIOSFODNN7EXAMPLE, password: wJalrXUtnFEMI/K7MDENG/bPxRfiCYEXAMPLEKEY.

> 5. Run the _etl_ DAG in Airflow and observe the results in lakeFS.

Reviewer: What's changed here? Just the numbers?
